hello everybody it's jordan here
bringing you another call of duty black
ops gameplay / commentary this one is a
search engine short game on the map
summit and i am using the MLG Pro class
oh yeah famas with the red dot uh sim
Texas can curse you don't see fours and
snap ins get owned by tomahawk everybody
get about three people get owned by Tom
logs or two or three people get owned by
Tom ops but anyways yeah famas with red
diet with the line with dot reticle the
MLG pro style lightweight pro slot a
hand pro and hacker pro spy playing
counter spy plane and care package i
have to say that this game was probably
my best my best Search and Destroy game
that I have played in a ever it might
have been in one of my top five games
I've ever played cuz you know I don't
play sir challenge and she got game
winning kill yeah but um um I'm not
gonna spoil the score it is a lot of
kills in quite a few deaths I mean only
a little discs and see flashes get owned
by Tom oxy oh my god I was fun it's so
funny it's so funny when I'm cuz we take
into consideration that they're throwing
tom locks at us so you just see what
happens later but um yeah I get a lot of
kills and I get home
you know a couple days but um Bobby's
arm um let's see I kind of fail on these
rounds like um I believe later coming up
I like him the last one alive and I fail
to pull the clutch right here I'm being
a sound where you can you hear this can
you have these guys running and
reloading the weapons this one to
dolphin dive Liz boom good job team
those were too easy kills cuz you know I
have a pair of Triton's and I have ninja
bro and I just soundboard those guys for
everyone so look see we know the somme
Hawk so we're going to the leftover like
get out of here get out of here we don't
get Tom talked again but um really care
package if it's funny yeah I believe I
get to your Falcons yeah I give
Valkyries but I don't do anything cuz
have you guys noticed maybe it's just me
my connection that bad but my
connections bed but the Valkyries have
been hard to control like really hard to
control like I cannot fly him anymore I
used to be able to flying but now it's
just too hard I'd rather get like a
freaking spy plane than a Valkyrie
rocket I mean what's your opinions put
it in the comments below you know we
watch the video uh I completely fail
here I don't even know the bombs pointed
I don't even know they do fuses I don't
even know I was like kind of like in my
own little world in that round Odin in
anyways I was kind of embarrassing um
I'm like I'm telling my friends like do
that for guy I don't even know um but uh
huh it's funny good times good times
with friends um and
yeah believe I better leave three of us
using the famas for that red dog spirit
tired of getting killed by in the
previous match so we're like you don't
want let's just all pull it out and try
to piss some people off so that's what
we did yeah what are you doing stupid
look at the eyes even know I was right
there like I'm not camping like I'm just
some of you guys might say this is
camping and i'm not i'm trying to sound
whore cuz you know I'm ninja pro and I
bessette so if that's where I'm supposed
to play I'm look I'm like the last one
alive it's got causing the spy plane I
don't think he knows I'm gonna see him
look at yeah I don't think a news yeah I
don't think he knew I saw my dear doctor
and get out but um yeah I thought um and
I thought this is a these were the two
rounds i was talking about where i fail
to pull the clutch like you'll see my
team goes down in about 20 seconds 30
seconds my guess and it's like a 1 v
it's a 1 V for one of you five um so uh
I was like no way I'm gonna pull this
clutch but um I'm like I get it down I
almost get it I almost do the clutch I
got killed see I'm like it last one left
already see look at this but um I almost
complete the clutch but uh I do get home
because I didn't see this one I say I
get that guy and I get this guy like
there's a goat right there and I didn't
know there's a guy to love to me I had a
well I had a one be four 1v5 going there
and I almost had it uh-huh all ready to
go but um I failed and it's in next
round I feel the clutch again but um I
believe that was my first death I
started off like 12 and 0 or something
so although that was pretty good it
would mean have her to go to game
anyways I could only die like to time so
again I'm the China
she was guys over sound horn um thank
you know see right here this is my spot
you can hear everybody upstairs look
this guy isn't even know where I am mmm
and yes this is this look at this I'm
like the only one left again I can
friggin teammates man even though
they're my friends but we all just went
down and I almost get this guy but then
like same guy same guy got me again 17
and two right there but uh huh I believe
this round yeah we do won this game so
this room yeah we what do we do one and
this is the only room oh well not the
only one this is a rounded off to pull
clutch so gay huh but um you know this
was a pretty bc search ensure game say
for myself stealing sappy story here
he's so pissed at me he's like I still
might kill I'm sniping I'm getting hit
markers and then I like gummy with my
fam moss and I just like kill him in
psych it's really fun so um you know
he's all yelling at me and shit and
whatever it's it's all fun and games
until somebody risk there Katie and get
mad but uh huh anyways you know so we
have the bomb planted I'm just like
looking over this is not camping she's
just like watching over the bomb and I
believe I don't get the kill believes
Abby does he let saw that look is he
left that guy dad but then it gets this
guy so anyways guys this is one of my
probably my best search in short game to
date on black ops and I hope you guys
enjoy the video 19 and two and please
leave a rating comment and if you like